Mar 14, 2012
New DVD! Red Letter Media Archive Collection 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zj1PONgbZXs
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/179998925837709312
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/248633385231502

Wow everyone I'm here to tell you the
red letter media is planning to make
another feature film soon and by soon I
mean whenever we can afford to do it
it's going to be called space cop and
star a frog known as rich Evans who has
very limited acting ability before the
filming starts we need to raise the
budget to pay for shit instead of doing
a pathetic Kickstarter campaign or a
bugging we're releasing a new DVD it's
called the red letter media archive
Volume one and it's available now
it's got everything we could slap onto a
DVD 5 mix it's got a brand new history
uplink a documentary with interviews
from rich and Mike and a new series of
short film starring rich Evans and not a
hot chick it's got lots of half in the
bag outtakes and never-before-seen stuff
cop behind the scenes footage also eight
older short films including the rarely
seen Jay bomb and sci-fi flop pork pork
and space as well as the cleaning lady
starring route sevens into role
Bert summons Gavin handle one roll but
to thank you are all the 48-hour films
and outtakes bring your pistol
motherfucker oh wait there's more
all the short films of commentaries by
rich Mike and Jay and one even is
commentary by me mr. blanket over three
hours of material what's wrong with your
face
I am going to protests I'm going to
write letters to my congressman but wait
there's more soon Hawking you're such
Ipoh where's her fucker you miss a
leader the bumpkins me sub D initial
look like a frog with Down syndrome me
shucks thinking you sir no likey though
bogan what the fuck is saying he is
merely upset you're Hocking your cheap
where's again blanket oh god no not a
gun leave me alone
why is everyone wearing sunglasses ja ja
you said uh Pumbaa
Mesa no heaven no Pumbaa yeah take a
piss I wanna what what whoa music-hall
Jar Jar Binks missing our humble servant
Wirt
missa banished for what they'd gone
through the planet core you should be
buena Sh
what the fuck is happening stop selling
your DVD you've got the money to make a
stupid fuck film I'm not making a fuck
film we're making space cop there's very
expensive because there's lots of space
ship sets and costumes rich Evans has to
have cattle allergy medication because
when they tried to make the movie the
first time rich Evans slept on a cat
blanket and had an allergic reaction and
almost died bullshit
the retarded frog speaks the truth
linkage get off the internet quit
fucking around where the do
years available now in my webs on
burglary Museum calm you can get the new
archive DVD with feeding friends their
special 2-pack if we do that you've got
a free prize a tiny button oh that's
kind of a ripoff
oh you sing giveaway is a free sin mock
me son no likey shut that fucking clown
up me sir take a dump on me pan sir
judge a bings change his diaper oh my
boy
