Jan 1, 2017
Mr. Plinkett Responds to Comments on his Video Commenting on Disney's Star Wars Rogue One!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9-vP7kJheI
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/815680841754017792
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154237317237634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinkett-responds-to-comments-on-his-video-commenting-on-disneys-star-wars-rogue-one

PLINKETT:
Hello. It's me, Mr. Plinkett. I'm back. I'm here to respond to your comments on my video commenting on Rogue One: A Disney Story. A film by a committee think-tank designed to appeal to brain-dead fanboys, like you. Why, you seem to have misunderstood me. Maybe it was my slurred speech pattern, the result of multiple strokes. Or maybe it's because your brains don't work so well because there's a Darth Vader toy stuck in it! But, here goes. Let's talk about one of the more commented on subjects in my video. Context: here's what some of you said: "This is just flawed thinking. 1) You really want into the movie hoping it would react re-explain the force and Darth Vader?" Now, to clarify. I didn't necessarily want them to explain to me what the Force was, or who Darth Vader was...although that would have been nice because sometimes I forget things. The point was, that without the context of the Star Wars universe, the movie would not have made it on its own merits. It's a terribly boring story about a group of people who are miserable and joyless, trying to do a thing to get a thing because a group of people have a thing. Again, if it were a
movie on its own without sequels or prequels or a pre-established universe, it'd be the worst and most boringest movie ever. Sure, it'd have some great effects and some cool action scenes, but what doesn't these days? "Oh yeah, and that context point is wonderful, Plinkett. Because I'm sure Empire would have been JUST AS GOOD without the other two movies in the original trilogy." That was my best attempt at sarcasm. A secondary point that people are making is that, yes, the Empire Strikes Back did not react re-explain everything that was explained in A New Hope, but it did recap some stuff.

YODA:
It's energy surrounds us. And binds us. Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter.

HAN SOLO:
Well, there's a price on my head. If I don't pay off Jabba the Hutt, I'm a dead man.

PLINKETT:
Most sequels do throw in a line or two that recap the previous film.

RICK JOHNSON:
Fred Krueger. He's a town legend> He was a child killer, freed on a technicality.

PLINKETT:
Even though you can assume that most of your audience probably saw the previous film or films. Although some may have not. There are many examples of this.

ELLEN RIPLEY:
We set down there on company orders to get this thing, which destroyed my crew.

FORSTER:
Creatures?

BILLY PELTZER:
Yes, well at least they start out as these small furry animals. And then what happens is, they eat after midnight. They metamorphose. They form these cocoons...

FORSTER:
Peltzer, you're having a psychotic episode.

RAYMOND STANTZ:
After all we did for this city.

WINSTON ZEDDEMORE:
Yeah. You conjured up a 100-foot Marshmallow Man, blew the top three floors off an uptown high-rise, ended up getting sued by every state, county, and city agency in New York.

PRESIDENT:
Bring back the black box, and you'll receive a full pardon for every immoral act you have ever committed in the United States.

SNAKE PLISSKEN:
Sounds familiar.

PLINKETT:
Well, while technically speaking this was a prequel of sorts, it was called a "Star Wars Story". Seems like it would be a standalone film. Where's the story? Next, let's talk about my scene comparison segment. A lot of you shared this genius thought: "So the characters are bad because they are not talking in the middle of a battle. Sorry it's not Naro-, Nara-, Naratu, Narotu..." What the fuck is "Naruto"? Is that some kind of spicy noodle? Oh, no. Because noodles give me gas. The spicy Chinese noodles usually come out of my butthole like a Play-Doh factory, usually just seconds after I eat it. Hmm, is that why they call it Panda Express? Anyway. Hey, Mini Einstein! My comparison wasn't meant to be literal! Like, only good characters have to literally talk during a fight scene. The point was to show that understanding who character is, how they are feeling, how they react to things, what their motivation is, and so on can help enhance an action scene. In Rogue One, these characters need to do a thing because the plot needs them to. They got to get a thing to stop a thing. They gotta stop the Death Star because we know that it's bad. Who wrote this? A fifth-grader? They're also unstoppable action machines. Like that lady from the Resident Evil films. That makes them feel less human to me. Why do the stormtroopers even wear armor if a blunt object will kill them? But what great action! Oh, my god! So to clarify, characters don't literally need to talk during an action scene to make it good. I could probably list 20 different ways that could have made this a fun action scene. And finally 0.3 the force awakens
had good characters now that is funny
I don't think world 1 was amazing but
the ending space battle made up for the
rest of it oh my god I love space
battles with x-wings
fuck me
IMO
rogue one ticks all three boxes
I cared about the characters
I was invested in the story
and it had a lot of emotion at the end
I made a point to mention that the force awakens got a check mark for characters
that's not to say that
they're great characters or that they
could even pass my character test but I
at the very least understood them in the
film's story from an emotional
perspective Rey longed for her family to
return and got caught up in this
adventure she discovered she's got some
kind of magical powers and then
transformed into a girl on a quest at
the end friend was a bumbling guy who
tried to do what's right he knew he
didn't agree with the Empire's murderous
philosophy so he ran away but he was
uncertain of where he stood it was a
little cowardly and then discovered
himself a little at the end
and lastly kylo run also struggled
emotionally
you wanted to be a badass and evil he
wasn't quite there yet he was an amateur
great stuff no work for the movie yeah
and I don't consider this guy a main
character cuz he sucked characters in
drug one needed to get a thing to stop a
thing I actually found a character like
Galen or so to have the most potential
man who has a talent which is exploited
by the Empire was he torn making the
super weapon did he do it because they
were going to kill his family if he
didn't did he discover he kind of liked
being evil you know like Walter White I
am the one who eats instead we had to
follow around his much less interesting
daughter who seemed to have no
motivation but then had some because the
movie needed her to my point is the
original Star Wars trilogy worked on the
concepts of adventure emotion and
likable characters Chewbacca
the world is coming undone c-3po and
r2d2 continuing story of our band of
heroes Luke Skywalker Princess Leia Han
Solo c-3po r2d2 and Chewbacca what will
you do wouldn't it catch you one last
question for you feel free to comment
below and the Empire Strikes Back 80 80s
were used in the hospital basically
vehicles needed for a full frontal
assault they needed to destroy the
rebels shield generator on the ground so
that they could start landing troops the
field is strong enough to deflect anyone
but it also served as a visual to remind
us that even though the dust star was
gone the Empire was still imposing and
powerful so it made sense on a story
level shield we'll be dining moons and
they start going at me and visually kind
of like this guy sudden some other
obscure video and what the 80 80s
weren't in Empire because there's a
badass concept they were in there
because I only need a thing in the snow
that you have to threat is a threat
right in rogue one the use of add axe
was purely fanservice because when your
own base has been infiltrated by rebels
you don't use a scorched earth
non-precision attack vehicle to attack
them Jesus Christ are going to blow up your own shit
who's there military
tactician Ray Charles lastly some final
thoughts you missed the point that the
movie was made as a part of a story
rather than a whole it does not work as
a standalone but it was never meant to
it wasn't meant to be a standalone film
really I consider this movie to be more
of a documentary about how the Alliance
stole the plans
it doesn't need to explore the
characters just document how the heist
happened wow how exciting unlikable
characters no story
rogue one didn't allow me to get
invested in the characters the way the
force awakened did accept Sharat and the
droid quite frankly but I didn't dislike
the rest of them they just didn't spend
enough time developing the connection I
still connected with the hero's plight
just wasn't the greatest character
development ever what contradict
yourself much like it I'm beginning to
think you are not a Star Wars fan cause
clearly you nothing about the saga if
you're a fan you will love them all
you're not a fan and you're not going to
graduate high school I was going to cry
more seeing any of the characters die in
rogue one than 1 Han Solo dies I kind of
left and didn't even shed any emotions
guess if you shed an emotion then you're
not really having one I think you're
completely wrong I decay brah
I can't believe he felt there were good
parts to TFA it was all awful
I'm glad that you finally realized that
no one wants to watch an hour-long video
of a guy sitting around complaining
about a movie he doesn't like
mother fuckers talk s much shit about about the characters but gee crazy over
Boba Fett a when he was hardly in the og
trilogy and had like four lines oh did I
ever go crazy over Boba Fett eh I don't
think I did I hope they make more rogue
one video I just did that's all for now
feel free to comment below blink it out
r.i.p Carrie Fisher
